c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\TommyJams.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\TommyJams.pdb
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\TommyJams_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Facebook.Client.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Facebook.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Phone.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.UI.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Facebook.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Facebook.Client.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Phone.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.UI.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\obj\Debug\Controller\FacebookLoginPage.g.cs
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\obj\Debug\View\PanoramaPage1.g.cs
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\obj\Debug\View\PanoramaPage2.g.cs
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\obj\Debug\TommyJams.g.resources
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\obj\Debug\TommyJams.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\obj\Debug\TommyJams.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\obj\Debug\TommyJams.dll
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\obj\Debug\TommyJams.pdb
c:\users\kumar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Kumar\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\obj\Debug\View\Settings.g.cs
C:\Users\Kumar\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\TommyJams\TommyJams\obj\Debug\TommyJams.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
